

Redux is not mandatory for small or medium scale applications. 
All applications can be build without using Redux.

 - Why we use Redux?
   Redux offers state management
   Redux offers easy debugging

New way of writing Redux is using Redux Toolkit

Part of redux store are slices which are small portion of redux store. Slices are based on logical seperations like Cart Slice,
User Slice, Theme Slice. Can't directly add Data to Cart Slice. We have to dispatch an action

Dispatching an Action - It calls a function and the function modifies the cart. This function is known as Reducer.

Read Data from Our Store - We use selector. This phenomena is known as subscribing to the store. 
Example - Header component is subscribed to the store meaning as soon as our store changes our Header component will be
updated

useSelector - For Subscribing data

useDispatch - To dispatch an action

In first one:

<button onClick={()=>handleClick()}>Add</button>
This is arrow function and it will trigger only onClick of the button.

In second one:

<button onClick={handleClick()}>Add</button>
This is a normal function call , which calls the method as soon the rendering of the component happens.

If we subscribe to wrong portion of the store there will be a huge performance loss

Example -> 
Subscribing to whole store Vs Subscribing to a portion of store

const store = useSelector((store) => store)
const cartItems = useSelector((store) => store.cart.items)

reducer - It refers to reducer for whole store 
reducers - These are small reducers created under slice

(Older Redux) Vanilla Redux - DON'T MUTATE STATE
Redux Toolkit - WE HAVE TO MUTATE THE STATE OR RETURN A NEW STATE


##  1.useContext vs Redux:-
# useContext:
Part of React's Hooks API.
Used for accessing the value of a React context.
Ideal for scenarios where state needs to be shared between components in a simpler and lightweight manner.
Typically suited for smaller applications or when the state management requirements are minimal.

# Redux:
A separate state management library for managing the state of larger applications.
Utilizes a global store to manage application state in a predictable and scalable way.
Involves concepts like actions, reducers, and stores.
Well-suited for complex applications with a large amount of shared state.

## 2.Advantage of using Redux Toolkit over Redux:-
* Redux Toolkit:
A set of utilities and abstractions to simplify the Redux development process.
Provides createSlice, createAsyncThunk, and configureStore among other utilities.
Encourages best practices, reduces boilerplate code, and helps developers write cleaner, more maintainable code.
Includes a normalized state structure and helps handle asynchronous actions with ease.

## 3.Explain Dispatcher:-
In the context of Redux, a dispatcher is a function that is responsible for sending actions to the store.
Dispatchers are obtained from the store and are used to dispatch actions, which are then processed by the reducers to update the state.

## 4.Explain Reducer:-
A reducer is a pure function in Redux responsible for specifying how the application's state changes in response to actions.

## 5.Explain slice:-
In Redux Toolkit, a slice is a reducer function that knows how to respond to certain actions, and it typically represents a piece of the application state.
lices are created using the createSlice function to simplify the process of defining actions and reducers together in a single file.

## 6.Explain selector:-
A selector in Redux is a function that takes the Redux state as an argument and returns some data from it.
 Selectors are used to compute derived data or to extract specific pieces of information from the state.


## 7. Explain createSlice and the configuration it takes:-
 `createSlice` is a function provided by Redux Toolkit for creating reducers and actions in a more concise and convenient way.

  # Configuration:
 * name: A string value that is used as a namespace for the actions and reducers generated by the slice.
 * initialState: The initial state of the slice.
 * reducers: An object where keys are action names and values are reducer functions.
 * The createSlice function automatically generates action creators and a reducer based on the configuration, reducing the boilerplate code needed for defining actions and reducers separately.
